# FinalYearProject
The function of the prediction.py function is to firstly clean all of the data in the dataset and prepare it to have predictions made on it. Firstly to clean the data I changed the names of any fighters with the same name. I then dropped the fighter Id column from the dataset of fighters and set the fighter name as the index. I dropped all fighters from the dataset for whom there were no stats available.I removed all unneccessary columns from the fighter database and changed all of the values to type float.I removed the fights that ended in a draw or a no contest from my dataset and also removed all unnecessary columns.I then randomised the order in which fighters appear in the fights data as the fighter who appears once is always the one who wins so in order to make predictions the order must be mixed. To make my predictions I claculated the difference in stats between the winning and losing fighters. I then put 75 percent of my data into my training set and 25 percent into my testing set. I created a 5 layered model to predict using keras to be implemented on my dataset.

 The function of the fightersearch.py function is that when a user searches the name of a fighter the fighters name and number of wins and losses are returned.If the fighter is not found in the UFC'S API a message saying fighter not found is returned. The user input is not case sensitive .
 
  The webscraper.py function uses beautiful soup to scrape data from the page of UFC fighter Dong-Hyun-Kim. it returns his amateur fight record.firstly it puts converts the data scraped into type beautiful soup and then finds and prints everything within the div containing Dong-Hyun-Kim's amateur fight record.
